.TH NT 1 "March 7th, 2001"
.SH NAME
nt - A download manager for X
.SH SYNOPSYS
\fBnt\fP [OPTIONS] ... [URL]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBnt\fP (also known as Downloader for X) is a Linux GUI program for
downloading files from the Internet.  It supports FTP and HTTP (not completly
yet but the current implementation is quite enough for downloading).  The
program will resume interupted downloads if the server supports it too.  nt
is like kget for Linux and ReGet or GetRight
for Microsoft Windows (tm).
.SH OPTIONS
Options are distinguished from URLs in that they begin with a \fBminus sign\fP (\fP-\fP).
One may specify any number of options and URLs.

Many of the options can be used to control a pre-existing
instance of \fBnt\fP.  When \fBnt\fP finds an instance of itself already
running, it will forward the command to the already running instance for
execution.  If there no pre-existing instance is found, then it will perform
the requested operations itself.

The command line will be parsed from left to right.  This means that the
requested operations will be performed in that order.
.TP
\fBnt\fP accepts the following options:
.TP
\fBURL\fP
Add the indicated file to the download queue.  A dialog box will appear in
which you can indicate where the file should be saved and set other options.
If \fBnt\fP is already running, then the new instance will simply ask the
existing instance to add the file and then it will exit. If existing instance
already have this \fBURL\fP in queue in inactive state than it will be
moved to *wait* state.
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fP
Print a brief description of the command line options and exit.
.TP
\fB-v, --version\fP
Show the version number and exit.
.TP
\fB-i, --info\fP
Show basic information about current state of a pre-existing instance of
the program.
.TP
\fB-s, --speed\fP
Show current achieved download speed of a pre-existing instance of the program.
The speed is a part of information which is displayed by \fB--info\fP.
.TP
\fB--minimized\fP
Start Downloader in the minimized (iconified) state.  This will not minimize a
pre-existing instance of the program.
.TP
\fB--exit-time minutes\fP
Set the timeout for exiting when the program is idle.
.TP
\fB-t1, --traffic-low\fP
Switch to low speed.
.TP
\fB-t2, --traffic-medium\fP
Switch to medium speed.
.TP
\fB-t3, --traffic-high\fP
Disable speed limit.
.TP
\fB-d, --directory PATH\fP
Set directory for saving downloaded files.  This applies only to files
added to an pre-existing instance by running the \fBnt\fP command with URLs
on the command line.
.TP
\fB-c, --delete-completed\fP
Remove completed downloads from the queue.
.TP
\fB-r, --rerun-failed\fP
Rerun all failed downloads.
.TP
\fB-w, --without-face\fP
Start Downloader without X interface.  (It will display the log on stdout but
there will be no user interface of any kind.  The only way to control it is by
running \fBnt\fP with appropriate options.)
.TP
\fB-m, --max-running integer\fP
Set the maximum total number of active downloads for current queue.
.TP
\fB--ls [integer | URL] \fP
Display tree of queues, queue listing or information about separate URL.
.TP
\fB--switch integer \fP
Change current queue. Queue number must be specified as it displayed by 
\fB--ls\fP command line parameter
.TP
\fB--color\fP
Use colors in main log when run without interface. This option has no
effect when Downloader was run with X interface.
.TP
\fB-geometry [WIDTHxHEIGHT][+X][+Y]\fP
Specify geometry of main window. Programm will ignore stored position and size
of the main window if this option is specified.
.TP
\fB--del URL\fP
Remove URL from programs's queues.
.TP
\fB--stop URL\fP
Stop downloading file. You can continue downloading this file by specifying
the same \fBURL\fP as command line parameter.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 1999-2002, Maxim Koshelev <chuchelo@krasu.ru>
This program is released under the Artistic license ; please see
/usr/share/common-licenses/Artistic for the complete text of the
Artistic license.
.SH SUGGESTIONS AND BUG REPORTS
Go to http://www.krasu.ru/soft/chuchelo/
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Julien BLACHE <jblache@debian.org>, for the
Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
Updated by Maxim Koshelev <mdem@chat.ru>.
Updated by David Chappell <David.Chappell@mail.trincoll.edu>.

